\input texinfo.tex
@c %**start of header
@setfilename vicare-cityhash.info
@settitle CityHash for Vicare
@c %**end of header

@include version.texi
@include macros.texi

@c @macro cityhashref{NODE, TITLE}
@c @xref{\NODE\,\TITLE\,\TITLE\,cityhash}
@c @end macro

@c page
@c ------------------------------------------------------------
@c Values.
@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@set TITLE                      CityHash for Vicare

@c To be used as @value{PACKAGE} whenever we need to include the full
@c name of this package.
@set PACKAGE                    Vicare/CityHash

@c To be used as @value{PACKAGE} whenever we need to include the
@c nickname of the project: the name that is used to compose the
@c distribution tarball or the web address.
@set PACKAGE_NICKNAME           vicare-cityhash

@c To be used as @value{AUTHOR} whenever we need to include the list of
@c authors of this document.
@set AUTHOR                     Marco Maggi

@c To be used as @value{AUTHOR_EMAIL} whenever we need to include the
@c email of the *single* author of this document.
@set AUTHOR_EMAIL               @email{marco.maggi.ipsu@@poste.it}

@c To be used as @value{COPYRIGHT_YEARS} whenever we need to include the
@c list of copyright years.
@set COPYRIGHT_YEARS            2012


@c page
@c ------------------------------------------------------------
@c Copyright notice.
@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@copying
This document describes version @version{} of @value{PACKAGE}, a
distribution of C and Scheme libraries for Vicare Scheme, an @rnrs{6}
compliant Scheme implementation; it provides bindings for the CityHash
C++ language library, which implements a hash function for strings.

The package is distributed under the terms of the @gnu{} General Public
License (@gpl{}) and can be downloaded from:

@center @url{http://github.com/marcomaggi/@value{PACKAGE_NICKNAME}}

@noindent
CityHash is available at:

@center @url{http://code.google.com/p/cityhash/}

@noindent
Copyright @copyright{} @value{COPYRIGHT_YEARS} by @value{AUTHOR} @value{AUTHOR_EMAIL}

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the @gnu{} Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with
Invariant Sections being ``@gnu{} Free Documentation License'' and
``@gnu{} General Public License'', no Front--Cover Texts, and no
Back--Cover Texts.  A copy of the license is included in the section
entitled ``@gnu{} Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@c page
@c ------------------------------------------------------------
@c Headers.
@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@titlepage
@title @value{TITLE}
@subtitle Revision @version{}
@author @value{AUTHOR} @value{AUTHOR_EMAIL}
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@ifinfo
@dircategory Development
@direntry
* vicare-cityhash: (vicare-cityhash). @value{TITLE}.
@end direntry
@end ifinfo

@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@ignore
@syncodeindex tp cp
@syncodeindex vr cp
@syncodeindex fn cp
@end ignore

@c page
@ifnottex
@node Top
@top @value{TITLE}

@insertcopying

@menu
* overview::                    Overview of the package.
* version::                     Version informations.

Appendices

* Package License::             GNU General Public License.
* Documentation License::       GNU Free Documentation License.
* references::                  Bibliography and references.

Indexes

* concept index::               An entry for each concept.
* function index::              An entry for each function.
* variable index::              An entry for each variable.
* type index::                  An entry for each type.
@end menu
@end ifnottex

@c page
@node overview
@chapter Overview of the package


Vicare Scheme is an @rnrs{6} compliant Scheme language implementation in
the form of a native compiler for x86 architectures, officially
supporting @gnu{}+Linux systems.  @value{PACKAGE} is a distribution of C
language and Scheme language libraries for Vicare Scheme; it provides
bindings for the CityHash C++ language library, which implements a hash
function for strings.

The last time the author bothered to update this paragraph, he had
tested CityHash version 1.0.3; the Cityhash library is available at:

@center @url{http://code.google.com/p/cityhash/}

The package installs a C language library implementing wrapper C
functions for the C++ language CityHash library; on top of this, the
Scheme library @library{vicare cityhash} exports one binding for each
CityHash public function; additionally the library @library{vicare
cityhash constants} exports one binding for each constant value defined
in the C language header @file{city.h}.

This document contains only a brief description of the functions: refer
to the CityHash's documentation for details.

@c page
@node version
@chapter Tamplate version informations


The installed C library follows version numbering as established by the
@gnu{} Autotools.  For an explanation of interface numbers as managed by
@gnu{} Libtool @xref{Libtool versioning, interface, Libtool's versioning
system, libtool, Shared library support for @gnu{}}.

The following bindings are exported by the @library{vicare cityhash}
library.


@defun vicare-cityhash-version-interface-current
@defunx vicare-cityhash-version-interface-revision
@defunx vicare-cityhash-version-interface-age
Return a fixnum representing a version number.
@end defun


@defun vicare-cityhash-version
Return a Scheme string representing the versio number.
@end defun

@c page
@c ------------------------------------------------------------
@c Appendices.
@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@include gpl-3.0.texi
@include fdl-1.3.texi

@c page
@node references
@appendix Bibliography and references


The documentation of @value{PACKAGE} is available online:

@center @url{http://marcomaggi.github.com/docs/vicare-cityhash.html}

@noindent
the latest version of this package can be downloaded from:

@center @url{http://github.com/marcomaggi/vicare-cityhash/downloads}

@noindent
development takes place at:

@center @url{http://github.com/marcomaggi/vicare-cityhash/}

@noindent
the home page of the Vicare project is at:

@center @url{http://marcomaggi.github.com/vicare.html}

@noindent
the home page of the Nausicaa project is at:

@center @url{http://marcomaggi.github.com/nausicaa.html}

@noindent
Cityhash can be found here:

@center @url{http://cityhash.sourceforge.net/}

@c page
@node concept index
@appendix An entry for each concept

@printindex cp

@node function index
@appendix An entry for each function.

@printindex fn

@node variable index
@appendix An entry for each variable.

@printindex vr

@node type index
@appendix An entry for each type.

@printindex tp

@contents
@bye

@c end of file

